README.md, before:

# Flask app mounted on url prefix

Let's test how to remount a Flask app under a different url prefix with nginx,
without changing the application code. nginx will forward requests under /api to
the flask application.


## Quick start

`docker-compose up`


## Expected result

```
$ curl localhost/api/
Hello World!

$ curl localhost/api/test
Index is at: /api/

$ curl localhost/api/json
{
  "index": "http://localhost/api/",
  "self": "http://localhost/api/json"
}

$ curl -i localhost/api/redirect
HTTP/1.1 302 FOUND
…
Location: /api/
…
```

## Chaging the port of flask

1. Change the port on the proxy_pass line in `nginx.conf`
2. Change `HTTP_PORT` in the environments of the `flask` service

## Changing the flask app prefix mount

1. Change the location in `nginx.conf` (for ex. `location /api/v1 {`
2. Change the proxy_pass line to include the new location (`proxy_pass http://flask:5001/api/v1;`)
2. Change `SCRIPT_NAME=/api/v1` in the environments of the `flask` service


## Reference

* https://dlukes.github.io/flask-wsgi-url-prefix.html
* https://docs.gunicorn.org/en/stable/run.html

Commit message:

the FastAPI version
FastAPI is simpler to do, but there's a difference. We specify the
--root-path option to uvicorn (and that is standardized), but we also
strip the prefix when forwarding from nginx. In the flask variant we
didn't strip the prefix when forwarding.

README.md, after:

# FastAPI app mounted on url prefix

Let's test how to remount a FastAPI app under a different url prefix with nginx,
without changing the application code. nginx will forward requests under /api to
the fastapi application.


## Quick start

`docker-compose up`


## Expected result

```
$ curl localhost/api/
{"message":"Hello World"}

$ curl localhost/api/test
"Index is at: http://localhost/api/"

$ curl localhost/api/json
{"index":"http://localhost/api/","self":"http://localhost/api/json"}

$ curl -i localhost/api/redirect
HTTP/1.1 307 Temporary Redirect
…
location: http://localhost/api/
…
```

## Chaging the port of fastapi app

1. Change the port on the proxy_pass line in `nginx.conf`
2. Change `HTTP_PORT` in the environments of the `fastapi` service

## Changing the fastapi app prefix mount

1. Change the location in `nginx.conf` (for ex. `location /api/v1 {`
2. Change `ROOT_PATH=/api/v1` in the environments of the `fastapi` service


## Reference

* https://fastapi.tiangolo.com/advanced/behind-a-proxy/
